fix(typo): more typo fixes (#10779)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/bunrodea/bunrodea ships.txt

	explode "large explosion" 5
	"final explode" "final explosion small"
	description "The Sasumata is the chief scout ship of the Bunrodea. While not designed for combat, this stealth transport vessel is still capable of holding its own against some smaller warships; its four fighter bays turn the Sasumata into a force to be reckoned with when its fighters are deployed."

> 	description "	The cloaking technology is built into the Saumata's hull; it cannot be removed or transferred to another ship."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	The cloaking technology is built into the Sasumata's hull; it cannot be removed or transferred to another ship."
```

> 	description "	The cloaking technology is built into the Sasumata's hull; it cannot be removed or transferred to another ship."

Reviewer 2: Not sure this is the best way to phrase this, but it matches the current standard so its probably a good change for now.

	explode "large explosion" 20
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Chigiriki is the largest of the Bunrodea's gunships, boasting an astonishing seventeen gun ports. One of these ports is equipped with the devastating Thorax Cannon, a massive cannon capable of dealing significant damage to any ship that dares get in the Chigiriki's way. Some Chigiriki also double as missile platforms, raining down walls of missiles so thick that they can blot out the nearest star."

Reviewer 2: Overall a good change, but "raining down" implies gravity. Maybe...
```suggestion
	description "The Chigiriki is the largest of the Bunrodea's gunships, boasting an astonishing seventeen gun ports. One of these ports is equipped with the devastating Thorax Cannon, a massive cannon capable of dealing significant damage to any ship that dares get in the Chigiriki's way. Some Chigiriki also double as missile platforms, firing walls of missiles so thick that they can blot out the nearest star."
```
although it's also okay as-is.
